STONEBLD-75: Populate build-service.md (#67)
redhat-appstudio/book: book/index.md

## Service (Component) Context

> Each service that makes up StoneSoup is further decomposed in its document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each service that makes up StoneSoup is further explained in its own document.
```
